Hi! I’m Yvette Parrish. Thanks for joining
me at Expert Village. Today, I’m going to
show you how to apply makeup properly, professionally
and the use of brushes. We did the eyebrow;
we strengthened them. What I am going to do
is a base on the eyelid, and this is a cream
base that you can get from most makeup lines.
And what I am going to do is just tap it in,
and remember use your ring finger or your
middle finger. And I am just going to rub
in a base, and what happens is the eye shadow
that I apply will stick to this base, and
you would not have so many sprinkles that
happen underneath your eye. So I am going
to apply this base, and it keeps the color
on longer and it is crease resistant and there
are all kinds of benefits, so you should always
start with a little bit of a cream eye shadow
first. I chose one that is a little bit yellow
golden because it goes with her natural look,
but there are other colors that you can get
such as a pink, you can use a white. You can
even use a blue and that pink. You can do
a different base, this is Revlon, this is
Clinique, I have Aveda: whatever makeup line
you feel comfortable with. Anytime you are
working with the cream, I would recommend
using your finger. Because if you use a brush,
all the hair gets all really disgusted in
the cream. It is not a sanitary thing. It’s
a big mess. I promise you use a brush one
time and you will never use it again. So apply
the creams with your fingers. It will allow
you more control and you would not mess up
your pretty brushes. And I just put this golden
yellow base on her whole lid, and you see
how that kind of lightens her up, and now
whatever color that I use on her eyes it will
stay true.